(crowd cheering)
- [Nana] If they couldn't
get signed
to a record deal after this
performance
then something must be
seriously wrong with the world.
("Wish")
That night was only Blast's
third show
since they moved to Tokyo,
it was at the same venue
as the other gigs.
They were the opening act
and played a 40 minute set.
(upbeat music)
- I had no idea Blast was
gonna be this popular.
The line goes all the way
down to the convenient store.
- [Nana] We'd arrived early
because we wanted to
be right at the front.
And when we Misato to went to
the store to get some juice
she was excited to see
the huge number of people
waiting in line.
- Wow, it sure is a good
thing we got here this early.
Do you think we should
call Kyosuke and Junko
and tell them to get down
here as soon as they can?
- I don't think Jun really
wants to be near the front.
Last time we were here,
she got a little mad
because she was being
squished by the crowd.
(crowd cheering)
- Stop pushing or I'm gonna die
- But that's the best part
of being in the audience
at a live concert.
(crowd cheering)
- Yeah, yeah.
Even back home Blast's concerts
never got that crazy.
It was so amazing.
Almost like I died and gone to
heaven.
- (laughs) More like you
almost passed out (laughs)
- [Nana] Even though it
was only their third concert
they had to the doors early
because there was such a long
line.
Right away, the
place was packed.
- Awesome, awesome, awesome.
- What'll happen if Jun
and Kyosuke can't get in?
- What?
what do you mean it's sold out?
- Wow.
No way
- Everyone's standing anyway.
Can't you just squeeze
two more in?
- Sorry, we're already way
over capacity.
- Isn't there anything
you can do?
Our friends go on at seven.
- Oh, you're friends of theirs.
Are you on the guest list?
- I don't know.
- What are your names?
- Saotome and Takakura.
- Hmm...
- Oh yeah.
- It's all right.
I'll deal with it.
You don't mind standing
at the back dude.
- Hey, I hope you bought
your tickets in advance.
- No
- Then you can't come in.
We're sold out.
- Oh
No way.
We came to Tokyo especially
so we could see Blast in
concert.
It can't be sold out.
- I told you we should
have left earlier,
but oh no.
- You were the one who
insisted on going
to your Summer school class.
- The teacher said you
wouldn't let me graduate
unless went to that
stupid class.
- Oh yeah?
Well maybe you should have
studied harder
in the first place.
I'm begging you
please you gotta let us in.
- No, if we go anymore over
capacity,
people could get hurt.
Your life's more important
than a show, right?
- No way man.
This show is important.
- Well, I still say no.
- (crying) No, no.
- Crying ain't gonna help.
- Hey, listen why don't
you let the girls go in
instead of us.
We don't mind
- [Nana] With each
show that Blast played
the audience's enthusiasm
increased
and it made me feel almost
drunk.
- Oh, I'm so sorry.
- It's no problem.
- Excuse me.
- We scored getting in like
this.
Imagine if we spent all that
money
on those freaking expensive
plane tickets for nothing.
- I know.
I didn't think people in
Tokyo could be that nice.
I wish we could get down there,
but even the stairs are packed.
We'd never make it through the
crowd.
- At least we're gonna get
a great view from up here.
And there's no danger
of us getting crushed.
- What's up with all these
people being here so early.
It's unbelievable.
- It's only because they're so
awesome.
- But you know,
it makes me kind of sad.
Now that they're so big.
Nana might forget about us.
- She won't forget us.
She always sends me a card
to let me know when
there's a gig coming up.
- That was a smart move
to give her your address
when you saw her.
Okay, next time we'll
both skip school and work.
We won't miss a show.
Even if it means we have to
hitchhike.
- Totally.
We'll even camp out on the
street.
It'll be worth it.
They give us energy to
deal with life, don't they?
- [Nana] The show started
at seven o'clock sharp.
And the first one to
appear on stage was Nana.
(metal music)
(crowd cheering)
- [Nana] The cheering
got louder and louder
with every song.
And I was in the middle of it.
I felt like I disappear in it.
(crowd cheering)
- Hello everybody.
We're Blast.
(metal music)
- Damn!
The show's starting already.
- Dude, it's so loud.
We can hear them from out here.
- I want to go in so bad.
- Blast needs to play in a
bigger place.
Don't they know many
fans they got in Tokyo?
- Ugh, I knew we should
have bought our tickets
ahead of time.
- Let's wait for them to come
out.
- Oh, who do you wanna see?
- Yasu.
He's got great technique.
- Hands off.
Yasu's the one I want.
- It's because of Summer
vacation.
That's why there's so many
people
from out of town here for the
show.
- Yeah, but still this much
enthusiasm is pure insanity.
What the hell's going on?
- What do you want to do?
Go somewhere and get a
drink till the show's over?
- Why not?
Now that we're here we
might as well stick around.
Then we can at least
say hi to Nana.
- If they've got that
many people following them
they should have no
problem getting signed.
- That's it.
Their followers.
Misato's one of the that's for
sure.
And Nana's kind of like that
towards her roommate, isn't she?
- Yeah, definitely.
- Maybe the reason she
doesn't talk about
the demon Lord anymore is
because
she's converted over
to the religion of Blast.
She's become completely
obsessed with them.
- (laughs) Well, at
least she's more positive
about life now than she was
back when she used to blame
everything on the demon Lord.
Besides Blast's a pretty
cool band.
I can see why they're inspiring
such a devoted following.
Not only is their music good
but they've got great
stage presence.
- Absolutely.
When Nana sings, it's like
she's a guru.
(soft music)
But you know, I have to wonder
there are a lot of great
bands out there,
but that doesn't mean
they're guaranteed success.
Of course, if you wanna
get signed by a major label
you have to perform at
a certain level.
But from that point on,
it's not really about
how well you can play.
(soft music)
- Charisma, you guys definitely
have it.
Not only do you have some
exceptionally good songs,
you perform them well.
It was an amazing show.
I've been in this business
for a long time
but it's been many years
since I've come across a band
that's impressed me this much
so early in their career.
Well, there's a lot of
business we need to discuss.
But instead of going over all
that here,
why don't I take you out for
sushi?
- Huh?
- Sushi count me in.
- Shin.
(Mr. Kawano laughs)
(engine revs softly)
- What?
You didn't even go
backstage after the show?
- No.
There was this guy from a record
company
who wanted to talk to them.
So he didn't wanna get in the
way.
And besides we'll be seeing
everyone at home later on.
- Oh, an after party?
- I guess that means you
want me to take you straight
to your place.
- Yeah.
I made lots of really good food
today
because I knew we were going
to be celebrating for sure.
You're both welcome to join us.
- Ah, sorry.
- Huh?
- It's kind of a busy
time for us right now.
So we should be getting home.
- But why?
What are you doing?
It's Summer vacation.
- We're getting ready for a
group exhibition next week.
Six of us from art school
have decided to a gallery.
So we've gotta make sure
everything's finished by then.
- A group exhibition.
That sounds cool.
Art students are so arty.
- You guys came out tonight,
even though you're really busy.
It's too bad that you
couldn't get into the show.
- Not as bad as those people
who came from out of town
especially to see the
show and couldn't get in
- True that.
- Here.
This is a flyer that has all
the info on the exhibition.
I hope you can swing
by and see it.
- [Nana] Friends in the same
major.
All of them pursuing
their dreams.
I feel more and more like
I'm getting left behind.
(microwave timer dings)
(phone rings)
- Oh, Miss Hachiko,
it's your cell phone.
It's ringing.
- Hello, this is Nana.
Oh, hi Nana.
How's it going?
Great job with the concert.
We're back at home now.
Yeah, we managed to get a ride.
What about you?
When are you gonna be home?
- Sorry Hachi,
but I don't think we're
gonna be able to make it.
The guy from Gaia wants
to take us out to dinner
to talk business
and it's probably gonna
take a while.
- Oh.
- Oh, you didn't already make
stuff for an after party.
Did you?
- Not yet.
We just got home a minute ago.
- I'm really sorry.
- It'll be okay.
It's fine.
Don't worry about us.
You go out and have fun.
- [Nana] Why does
this always happen to me?
- I've gotta work tomorrow night
but I can stop by some time
in the afternoon to see you.
Will you be around?
- I'm working during the day
so I don't think I can
make it back in time.
- What about Misato?
Let me talk to her.
- It's Nana.
- Hi, Nana.
Yeah, I loved the show.
You guys were awesome.
- Huh?
- Oh really?
No.
I just hope he talks to
you guys about a contract.
Yeah?
Tomorrow?
- [Nana] What about me?
- Yes, of course.
I'll be waiting for you
here at the apartment.
[Nana] Nana, what about me?
- Nana, we need to get going.
Mr. Kawano's called a taxi for
us
and it's already waiting out
back, hurry.
Oh, sorry.
You're on the phone.
- Sorry, Misato.
I've got a go now.
Tell Hachiko I said goodbye,
okay.
What?
No it's no problem.
Go ahead.
Of course you can
sleep in my room.
The door's not locked.
Mm-hmm.
Bye.
- Misato?
What about Hachi?
- She said don't worry.
- You know, we could always call
them back
and invite them to
join us for sushi.
- You idiot let's go.
- Idiot?
(crowd chattering)
- Hey, good job you guys.
(crowd cheers)
- Nana.
- Nana your songs give me
courage
to get through the day.
- [Nana] No wonder Nana
likes Misato more than me.
It's because she's obsessed with
Nana
and comes to Tokyo
for every show.
Of course a power dinner
with a record company
takes preference over me.
And of course she'd rather live
with her boyfriend than with me.
It all makes sense.
But if that really is true
then she doesn't
need me anymore.
- It's too bad.
Isn't it Miss Hachiko?
Especially after you made
all this wonderful food
for everyone.
- What?
Oh, it can't be helped.
These things happen.
If you're not hungry,
don't force yourself to eat,
okay.
- But it all looks so delicious.
I wanna try a bit of everything.
I can't believe you
made all this yourself.
You're an amazing chef.
I'm totally impressed.
Mmh.
- [Nana] Misato's such a
nice girl.
Even though she's obsessed with
Nana
she doesn't get jealous or
possessive
and she was genuinely happy
about Nana and Ren getting
back together again.
She's just a very sweet girl.
It makes my own selfish
feeling stand out.
I wonder if I can handle living
with her for a whole month.
(phone beeping)
This is kind of like brushing
him off
until the end of Summer.
I guess that's okay, isn't it.
I'm not sure if I'll ever
see him again anyway.
I won't see Nobuo either.
I know he was up on stage
tonight
but I avoided looking at him.
(soft music)
Nana.
This isn't good.
What am I gonna do?
I feel so lonely.
(phone rings)
- The friend you've got
staying with you, is it a girl?
- Yes, of course it is.
- Good.
Glad to hear it.
Goodnight Nana.
(phone disconnects)
(phone rings)
- Yeah.
- Takumi, I wanna see you.
(upbeat music)
- Oh, hi Miss Hachiko.
Thank you for letting me use
your bathtub.
- Sorry Misato.
But I gotta go out for a while,
okay?
What?
But it's so late.
Did something happen?
Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
It's nothing important, really.
But I won't be coming back
tonight.
I'll just go straight
to work in the morning.
I'll leave my key with you
so when you go out,
you can just leave it in the
mailbox.
- [Nana] Sorry for
leaving you on your own.
But I had to go.
Otherwise I'd never have
made it through the night.
- Okay, that's it for tonight.
I'll come and pick you
up in the morning at ten.
You better not leave this room
until then
or there'll be trouble.
- I'll be here Take, don't
worry.
Hey, could you swing by my place
and bring a change of clothes
with you?
- Sure.
- Huh?
- Sorry to keep you waiting,
Reira.
You ready?
- Take?
- Yeah.
- Can you get me a room at the
hotel too?
All this driving around
has made me car sick.
(slow music)
- The meter's getting pretty
high.
By the time I get there,
it'll cost me whatever I make
tomorrow.
(phone rings)
That means this isn't
gonna be the last time.
- No but how come all the
fans wanted to talk with you
and not me?
- I don't know how we can
thank you enough, Mr Kawano.
You treated us to an excellent
meal.
- How about another round
of drinks someplace nearby?
- Thanks.
But I've got a busy day at work
tomorrow.
- Right.
Someone told me you've been
working
for one of the big law firms.
What are you gonna do about
that when the band takes off?
- Well, that's another
thing I have to consider
along with the contract.
- I see.
Then I look forward to your
decision.
- Yasu, I think I'm
gonna take a cab
with Nobuo and Shin, okay?
Hachiko's gonna be
working all day tomorrow.
So, I thought I'd swing
by and see her tonight.
- Sure.
Sounds like a good idea.
Tell her I'm sorry we couldn't
make it to our after party.
- Mr. Kawano seems too laid
back for a big shot music exec.
Don't you think?
With him it could take a hundred
years to release an album.
- Yeah.
And I wonder if he even knows
anything about punk music.
Sure he said he was impressed,
but what if he doesn't
know what he's doing?
(Nobuo laughs) Still,
he did give us cab fare.
So he must be a good guy.
(Shin's phone rings)
- I don't know if paying
for somebody's cab
is enough to make them a good
guy.
- (chuckles) He gave us
too much, wanna split it?
- Excuse me, stop right here.
(car screeches)
- What are you doing?
- Business?
I don't know how you got the
energy.
- Say hi to Hachi for me.
Will you Nobuo?
- You coming to see Hachi too?
- Wasn't planning on it.
I've given up on her.
Besides I'm a popular guy
there's plenty of girls
who want to be with me.
- You'd stand a better chance
if you grew your hair long.
- I don't wanna win her
over with a hairstyle.
- Yeah, you wouldn't look good.
- Then don't suggest it.
- Surprise!
I'm home.
- Oh, hi, hi, hi, hi.
- Hope I didn't wake you.
I had to knock because I left
my key at a friend's place.
- Oh, it's fine.
I hadn't gone to bed yet.
- What about Hachi?
Is she asleep?
- Um...
- Huh?
- Hachi's not here right now.
She left an hour ago.
- Where the hell could
she go this late at night?
- I don't know.
But she kind of left in a hurry
and she told me she wasn't
gonna be back tonight.
I hope it wasn't my fault.
Maybe I did something
to upset her.
- No, it's not that.
It's more like some guy.
She probably went to
see her boyfriend.
That's all.
Don't worry about it.
- Huh?
Any beer in the fridge?
- Oh, yeah.
Oh wow.
I never knew Hachiko had a
boyfriend.
- (laughs) You're surprised
she actually has one?
- Well yeah.
- Well yeah, she says (laughs)
- Because to be honest,
I thought she was only in love
with you.
- Get real that's impossible.
- But Nana you're the only
one I love.
So please don't tell me it's
impossible.
Because then I don't
know what I'd do.
- I'm sorry Misato.
- Huh?
What's this?
- Oh, it's a microwave.
- I know that, but what's it
doing here?
- She said she bought it on
credit.
Apparently that was the
only place she could put it.
- If she's gonna buy stuff,
Why didn't she buy an air
conditioner?
Oh geez Hachiko (Misato laughs)
(soft music)
Hey, how come the fridge
is all packed full of food?
Do you know?
- Yeah, I do.
Hachi prepared it all.
She thought you were
coming over with the band
once the show was finished.
so she made all this stuff to
celebrate.
- You didn't already make
stuff for an after party.
Did you?
- Don't worry about us.
You go out and have fun.
- I'm sorry.
- Don't be sorry, Nana.
It's not your fault.
Anyway, how was your meeting
with the guy from the record
company?
(soft music)
- Hey Nana, if you
and I were lovers
would we have been able
to fill the emptiness
by holding each other?
(upbeat music)
Or does everyone to bear this
loneliness in their life?
(Shin and Reira laugh)
It's not that I wanted to
keep you all to myself Nana,
I just wanted you to need me.